This huge PR adds proper SEO to all articles in the docs for better search engine indexing (#162)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/python/examples/tools/converting-docker-image-to-golem-format.md

---

> title: Docker to Golem Image Conversion Guide 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Docker to Golem Image Conversion Example 
```

> description: Step-by-step guide for converting Docker images to Golem format using gvmkit-build, with prerequisites and examples included. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An article on how to convert Docker images to Golem format using gvmkit-build, with prerequisites and examples included. 
```

> pageTitle: Convert Docker Images to Golem with gvmkit-build - Step-by-Step Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pageTitle: Convert Docker Images to Golem with gvmkit-build - Step-by-Step Example
```
